New settings in your computer, available in the apartment:
Allowing/denying other players to open your chest.
Enable/disable clock
Close chest
Kick players from your apartment
Open door for 5 seconds.
New map: fishing port, and now, you can fish there.
to get started with your fishing, you must have the required equipments, to get these equipments, go to santa_bertalina in the Shop for hunting and fishing equipment.
When you buy the boat, fuel, fishing_rod and eartworms, go to the fishing port, and start catching the fishes.
NEW: prohibited area of the game
NEW WEAPON: Sub_laser;
NEW WEAPON:; MK1;
NEW WEAPON: AK48;
NEW SPELL: divine_cure;
now, you can check how much hits your bulletproof_vest will support, pressing ctrl+M in in the bulletproof_vest of your inventory
NEW FEATURE: Launched guided_missile;
New feature: Meteor_rain;
new magic: reflector_mirror
Bazooka hits on players who are up to 3 steps away from you while the enemy is jumping;
Added option to toggle whether or not to listen to death messages in the profile settings;
Added secondary inventory. To navigate between items, use TAB and SHIFT + TAB. To interact with the selected item, press Backspace;
Added option to activate the right control to fire, in general settings;
Removed the option to suck items from the sucker;
A lot of weapons will not damage your bulletproof_vest.
When only white fighting is allowed on a map, the explosives will be deactivated;
Now, if a player is hit in his head with a certain weapon, he will die! find out what weapons do this.
some weapons will kill animals with gust one shot;
NEW MAGIC: hórus's fist;
NEW MAGIC: fire_ball;
NEW MAGIC: swift_slide;
the inventory compartments has been modified;
The pacifist players will sound a different beep when you are nearby then;
NEW WEAPON: dart launcher. It will reach up to 10 squares, regardless of where the player is;
You will not be able to speak to players on the same map if they are far from you;
Now you can die frozen more often;
NEW FEATURE: magnetic_shoes
NEW EXPLOSIVE: nuclear_bomb;
Added secret missions to earn teleporter_package;
Soldiers are no longer sucked. This has been modified so that those who start in our world, enjoy and learn how the system works.
increased the gold of the gold_mine;
The wand are being recharged time-by-time, to check your wand's energy, press Shift+W;
Now the Desafio Mortal can run as a portable. To do this, run Desafio Mortal.exe -portable;
BUG FIXED: the ban system was not banning the players correctly, now, all banned users will be permanently banned!
BUG FIXED: The magic that make the player as invisible, was not undone by disconnecting and connecting without restarting the client;
BUG FIXED: When choosing option 1 on stone, paper and scissors, you would not get the money if you won;
BUG FIXED: Players no longer will die in vehicles;
BUG FIXED: you cannot escape from the prision if you use a age_shield;
BUG FIXED: Destroyed walls are removed correctly;
BUG FIXED: When using the extinguisher facing a wall, bullet sound was reproduced;;
BUG FIXED: It's no longer possible to kill members of your team with explosive_tape;
BUG FIXED: You can no longer bury bodies when you are in AFK
BUG FIXED: Could hear messages with chat disabled when restarting the client;
BUG FIXED: darts hitting pacifists;
BUG FIXED: dragonsaur is not a fool;
BUG FIXED: The sucker function is completely canceled when one of the two dies;
BUG FIXED: Darts, explosives and suckers WILL NOT hit members of your team;
BUG FIXED: you could use explosive_tapes, enter in pacifist mode and then activate the explosive tapes and kill players while pacifist, this is not allowed nomore.
BUG FIXED: Entering as a pacifist in the game, you could recharge your weapons and shoot, even if it was not fired;
BUG FIXED: When disconnecting, the last player who sent you PM was not saved;
BUG FIXED: When a player disconnected or was kicked for some reason using teleporter, the sound was not removed;
BUG FIXED: when you select "start desafio mortal With Windows" there is no more errors or alerts;
BUG FIXED: you cannot use a removed weapon from your inventory;
bug fixed while checking for updates;
shift+spacebar key was removed from the inventory;